Psalm 145 a praise of David I will extol
you my god or King and I will bless your
name forever and ever
every day I will bless you and I will
praise your name forever and ever
great is the Lord and greatly to be
praised and his greatness is
unsearchable one generation shall praise
your works to another and shall declare
your mighty acts I will meditate on the
glorious splendor of your majesty and on
your wondrous works men shall speak of
the might of your awesome ex and I will
declare your greatness they shall utter
the memory of your great goodness and
shall sing of Your righteousness the
Lord is gracious and full of compassion
slow to anger and great in mercy the
Lord is good to all and his tender
mercies are over all his works all your
works shall praise you O Lord and your
Saints shall bless you they shall speak
of the glory of your kingdom and talk of
your power to make known to the sons of
men his mighty acts and the glorious
majesty of his kingdom your kingdom is
an everlasting Kingdom and your Dominion
endures throughout all generations the
Lord upholds all who fall and raises up
all who are bowed down the eyes of all
look expectantly to you and you give
them their food in due season you open
your hand and satisfy the desire of
every living thing
the Lord is righteous in all his ways
gracious in all his works the Lord is
near to all who call upon him to all who
call upon him in truth he will fulfill
the desire of those who fear Him he also
will hear their cry and save them the
Lord preserves all who love him but all
the wicked he will destroy my mouth
shall speak the praise of the Lord and
all flesh shall bless His Holy Name
for ever and ever
[Music]